[THEME SONG PLAYING]
Synced by Bakugan
♪ We're Super Monsters ♪
♪ The Super Monsters ♪
[IGOR] Sun down...
[ALL] Monsters up!
- Hi, Frankie.
- Hi, Katya.
- Hi, Mr. Mash.
- Hello, Katya.
There you go. Nice and tight.
Thanks, Dad.
Good night, Drac.
Be a good boy and have fun in class.
Bye, Dad.
Goodbye, Drac!
Look, everybody, my tooth's coming in!
[CHUCKLES] Looking good, Drac.
Yes, I am.
[HORN HONKS]
Did you hear? There's a new
girl starting school today.
- Really? What kind of monster is she?
- I don't know.
- What's her superpower?
Well, what do you know?
I know she's here. She's
coming up the steps with Igor.
Why don't you come inside
and say hello to everyone?
Hello?
Hello, Zoe.
You're just in time for our
favorite part of the day.
[ALL] Sun down...
Monsters up!
[CHUCKLES] Drac!
Katya!
Lobo! [HOWLS]
Frankie!
Cleo!
[ALL] Super Monsters!
- Zoe!
- [ALL] Wow.
- [ALL CHUCKLE]
- [FRANKIE] Hey!
- You're a zombie!
- That is so cool!
Hi. I'm Katya, this is Henri.
- I'm Lobo. [LAUGHS] And this is Glorb!
- [GLORB CHUCKLES]
All right, kiddos, what would
you like to do first today?
Story time or play time?
- Play!
- [DRAC] Sure, let's go play!
- Story time!
- [LOBO] How about a treat?
We should ask Zoe. [GASPS]
Huh?
Where'd she go?
I think Zoe needed a little fresh air.
Should we go outside and join her?
- Oh, yeah.
- Sounds fun.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Outside, outside, for sure.
And remember, kiddos, the first day
of preschool can feel a little scary.
So, while we want each of you to get to
know Zoe and make her feel welcome...
We shouldn't all surround her at once.
- Mmm-hmm.
- Yeah.
- Uh-huh.
- [DRAC] Okay.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I know it can be hard getting
used to new places and new people.
They all seem nice, there's
just so many of them.
[CHUCKLING] Oh, don't worry, Zoe.
We'll help you get to
know them one at a time.
You know, Igor and I have been wondering
what to do with this boring white wall.
At my house, our walls have pictures.
Maybe if this wall had a
picture, it would look better.
Oh, and maybe if you do something
familiar, you'll feel better.
Wow! You're a really good flyer.
Thanks.
Do you know that bats are
the only mammals that can fly?
That's why vampires have
batwing-shaped capes.
Huh. You sure know a lot about vampires.
At my house, we have a lot of books
about vampires and other monsters.
We have a lot of monster books here too.
Really?
Oh, yeah. There's lots of
things to learn in preschool.
Monster things, and human things too.
You just have to give it a chance.
I want to, but it's all so
new... and kind of scary.
You know, on my first day of preschool,
I was so nervous, I flew right
into the trunk of that tree!
[GIGGLES]
[KATYA CHUCKLES]
That's not so bad, Drac.
On my first day of preschool,
I turned myself into a frog.
Katya, you should show
Zoe your butterfly spell.
Great idea!
Flitter, flutter, glitter eyes,
let's make some pretty butterflies.
[GIGGLES]
[GASPS] That was beautiful!
[GIGGLES] Thanks.
Did you know it can take a caterpillar a
whole month to turn into a butterfly?
Hey, Zoe, wanna play chase?
[GIGGLES] I don't think
so. You're too fast for me.
[WHISPERS] New places
always make me itchy.
So, I like to run around and
smell every inch of a new place,
and when I know what it smells like,
then I feel like I belong there.
[INHALES DEEPLY] Maybe
you should try that?
Thanks, Lobo.
[INHALES DEEPLY] It
does smell nice here.
There's lots of nice
things about preschool, Zoe.
My mom and dad said preschool would
help me learn to be a better monster.
Preschool helps us learn to
control our monster powers.
So we can grow up to be the
best Super Monsters we can be.
I'm definitely getting better
at controlling my super strength.
- [THUD]
- [CRUMBLES]
But sometimes I still break stuff.
[GROANS] That's why we
had to get a new wall.
I broke the last one.
It's okay, Frankie. You didn't mean to.
Were you nervous on your
first day of preschool too?
No. I really like meeting new people
and new people like meeting me.
Tag! You're it. Catch me if you can.
- [LOBO HOWLING]
- [ALL LAUGHING]
[CLEO] Here I come! Better run fast!
[LOBO] Missed me!
[ALL GRUNTING]
- Tag, you're it!
- [FRANKIE] I got you!
[ALL CLAMORING]
[LOBO] You're it! You're it!
[ALL CHEERING AND WHOOPING]
- [CLEO] Missed me!
- [FRANKIE WHOOPING]
[ALL LAUGHING]
Zoe's nice, but I still don't
know what her superpower is.
Hmm... she can't fly.
She doesn't have magic.
- And she's not super strong.
- Or super fast.
- [GASPS] She's smart!
- But that's not a superpower. Is it?
Maybe Zoe doesn't have a
superpower. A lot of monsters don't.
Really? Huh.
You know, I don't care if
she's just a regular monster.
I'm still going to be her friend.
- Oh, so am I.
- Me too!
Definitely.
Zoe's our new friend, no matter what.
And I'll be her best friend,
because I'm the best Super Monster.
[DRAC SCREAMING]
[DRAC] Hey!
[CLEO] Sorry.
I can't help it that my wind
power is better than your flying.
It is not.
Flying is the best monster power.
- And I'll prove it!
- Ooh! Hey! [COUGHS]
[ALL LAUGHING]
I think it's time to ask Zoe to
come join the rest of the class.
I've got this.
Feeling better?
[ALL LAUGHING]
[ALL EXCLAIMING]
[HENRI YOWLING]
[ALL CONTINUE LAUGHING]
[CHUCKLES] You guys look so silly!
[FRANKIE] Huh?
Hey, where's Zoe?
[ZOE GIGGLING]
- [STAMMERS] I hear her...
- But I don't see her.
So how can she see us?
[IGOR] Well, kiddos, now you
know what Zoe's monster power is.
Zoe has X-ray vision,
which means she can see
through solid objects.
I didn't know zombies could do that.
Ha. That's almost as cool as flying!
- Can you see us right now?
- [ZOE] I can.
How do I look?
[ZOE] You look great, Cleo.
You just have a little leaf...
- right here.
- [ALL GASP]
- Perfect!
- [ALL] Wow.
You can see through walls?
You can walk through walls!
Mmm-hmm. All the zombies in
my family have X-ray vision.
And most of us can
walk through walls too.
But my grandma says it's
better to use the door.
[ALL CHUCKLING]
Now that they've seen
your zombie powers,
I think everyone would like
to see your painting too.
[ALL GASP] Whoa!
Zoe, you're amazing.
[GIGGLES] Thank you.
[CLEO] It's beautiful!
- Just like me.
- [GIGGLES]
Oh, Henri, look. Zoe
painted your picture.
[MEOWS]
[PANTING]
[ALL LAUGHING]
[GURGLING]
You're a super painter.
And super nice.
Thanks, everybody.
I was nervous when I got here.
Everything was so new and different.
But you're all so nice.
And I had so much fun!
I really like it here.
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[ALL] Sun up!
Drac!
Katya!
Lobo!
Frankie!
Zoe!
Cleo!
[ALL] Super Monsters!
[ZOE] Hi, Daddy!
- Bye, Zoe!
- See ya!
- Bye!
- See you later!
Bye, everybody. See you tomorrow.
[SNEAKERS SQUEAK]
A-ha! Good evening, Lobo.
Hi, Igor!
[ROARING]
- [TOYS SQUEAK]
- [LAUGHS]
Hi, Katya! Look, I
drew a picture for you.
Ta-da! It's you and me!
Whoa! Thanks, Zoe!
Thanks! Third cubby on the right!
[BOTH GIGGLE]
[GRUNTS]
[CLEARS THROAT]
Aw, man!
Thank you, Frankie.
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
- [SQUEAKING]
- Lookin' good!
Gather around, everyone!
It's almost time.
[SQUEAKS]
Sun down...
[ALL] Monsters up!
[CHUCKLES] Drac!
Katya!
Lobo! [HOWLS]
Frankie!
Zoe! [GIGGLES]
Cleo!
[ALL] Super Monsters!
[EXCLAIMS]
[STRAINING]
[SCREAMING]
- [GRUNTS]
- [SNARLS]
- [YOWLS]
Hmm... has anyone seen Drac?
[WHOOPING]
Look at me!
Drac, please come down and
join us for circle time.
How do you like these circles? [WHOOPS]
[ALL LAUGHING]
[CHUCKLES] I have
something to show everyone.
Gotcha, Igor! Drac is back!
- [SWING MUSIC PLAYING]
- Ha! Charleston. Charleston. Oh-ho!
- [ROCK MUSIC PLAYING]
- Twisting. Twisting. Twisting!
- [DISCO MUSIC PLAYING]
- [VOCALIZING]
- [UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING]
- [EXCLAIMS] Whoa!
[ALL LAUGH AND CHEER]
[IGOR GRUNTS] A little help?
[GRUNTS AND CHUCKLES] Thank you.
Whoa! Nice moves, Igor!
[CHUCKLES] Appreciate that, Drac.
[GRUNTS]
That was just a little something to get
you ready for your special assignment.
Ever since she was a
little girl, your teacher,
and my granddaughter,
Esmie, has loved dancing.
It makes her feel wonderful!
While she's out running errands,
I thought you could surprise her
with a special dance of your own!
[HOWLS] Dance, dance,
dance! I love to dance!
- Um, Igor?
- Yes, Katya?
I want to do something
nice for Miss Esmie,
but I don't know how to dance.
Uh, me neither.
[CHUCKLES] Don't worry.
We're all going to learn
and have fun together!
Dancing is a great way to
keep our bodies healthy...
[WHOOPS EXCITEDLY] ...and
get our wiggles out!
[ALL LAUGHING]
Okay, kids. Everybody up!
Oh, this might be really embarrassing.
Not a chance! I'll
show you how it's done!
[EXCLAIMS] Even my moves have moves!
Oh, Drac, you seem to be very
enthusiastic about the assignment.
I could use a special helper.
I'm your guy!
Okay, kids. Watch what
I do and follow along.
- [UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING]
- We start by stepping left,
then right. Left, then right.
Left, then right. Left, then right.
Left, then right.
[GRUNTS]
[CHUCKLES] Sorry. Guess my
shoes are a little slippery.
Oh, you'll get the hang of it.
Now, let's all clap
and stomp to the beat.
Now add the step to step.
And now we'll add a little spin!
[WHOOPS] Round and round we go!
- Whoa!
- Oh, no! [CHUCKLES] I got ya!
That's it, kids! Keep practicing!
I'm going to get the
stage ready for the show!
Oh! And feel free to
put your own spin on it!
[LAUGHS] "Spin on it!"
Oh, boy, I crack myself up!
In your places, everyone!
Just follow me, okay? Here we go!
Right, then left. And right, and left.
And right, and left.
[GASPS] My favorite ball!
- [CLEO] And left...
- Whoa!
- [GRUNTS]
- Oh! Blocks!
[PANTING AND GRUNTING]
[LOBO LAUGHS]
You guys! We're supposed
to be practicing!
Drac! What are you doing up there?
Why go right and left when
you can go round and round?
- [SIGHS]
- [GLORB GRUNTS]
[GASPS] We have to practice if we want
our dance to be good for Miss Esmie!
Maybe a little magic might help!
It's monster magic time!
Sprinkle of light and a wiggle of nose,
help us monsters dance like pros!
[YOWLS]
- [MEOWS]
- [CHUCKLES]
- [ALL LAUGH]
- Oh, bats!
Would you please pay attention to me?
[PANTING]
[SIGHS] Come on, everybody,
the only way we're going to
get better is if we try hard.
We need to practice.
- Let's take it from the top.
- [UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING]
Step left, step right.
- Whoa!
- [ALL GRUNT]
[GROANS] I can't do this!
It's okay, Drac. It was an accident.
It's not okay! I'll never
ever be able to do this!
Great! What are we going to do now?
Oh! We can't do our dance without Drac!
Yeah, we need all of
us to dance for Esmie.
We've got to find Drac
and get him back on track!
- Not in there.
- [LOBO] Not here either!
Found him!
Go away!
Come back, Drac. We need you!
I'm not dancing!
But it's not as fun
if we all don't do it.
Did you know dancing can affect your
brain and positively alter your mood?
Uh... she means once you start
dancing, you'll feel better.
It doesn't have to be
perfect. Right, Cleo?
Oh, right!
You shouldn't give up on something
until you've really given it a try!
Esmie's done so much for us.
I guess I could try a little
harder to do something nice for her.
[ALL LAUGH AND CHEER]
[CLEO] All right! We can do this!
First, you've got to feel the beat.
- You can do it!
- [THUDS]
I feel it! I feel it!
- Lobo to your left...
- Zoe to your right.
[GROANS]
You've got it, Drac! You're doing it!
Don't forget to hold hands! And we bow!
Great job, everybody!
[LAUGHS] Marvelous job, kiddos.
Esmie will be so surprised!
[DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES]
[GASPS] She's here! She's
here! She's here! She's here!
Everybody ready? It's show time!
[CHUCKLES] Almost there.
[GIGGLES] What are you guys up to?
[UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING]
[THUDDING]
Whoa!
[MUSIC STOPS]
- Bravo!
- [LAUGHS AND WHOOPS]
- Fantastico!
- All right!
You guys were incredible!
I can't believe you did that all for me!
That must have taken so much practice!
Uh, maybe just a little.
[ALL LAUGHING]
I had so much trouble learning
to dance, it made me feel bad.
Aw, that's called
being frustrated, Drac.
It was frustrating to try
to learn something new.
I'm used to being good at stuff!
It was frustrating not
being good at dancing.
Thanks for helping me try.
That's what friends are for!
It just goes to show you what you
can do when you put your mind to it.
Good for you!
[ALL] Whoa!
Sun up!
Drac!
Katya!
Lobo!
Frankie!
Zoe!
Cleo!
[ALL] Super Monsters!
[CHUCKLES] Well, time
to get ready to go.
Your parents will be
here soon to pick you up.
Aw, can't we just
dance a little bit more?
[EXCLAIMS]
Told ya! Even my moves have moves!
Well, maybe just a little more.
[ALL LAUGHING]
[THEME MUSIC PLAYING]
Synced by Bakugan
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org